Random fixes for random issues (#96)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/configuration.md

Available as of [v1.21.0+k3s1](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/releases/tag/v1.21.0%2Bk3s1)
:::

> Multiple configuration files are supported. Configuration loads by default from `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` and `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml.d/*.yaml` in alphabetical order. The last value for a given key will be used. Slices are replaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple configuration files are supported. By default, configuration files are read from `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` and `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml.d/*.yaml` in alphabetical order. The last value for a given key will be used. A `+` can be appended to the key to append the value to the existing string or slice, instead of replacing it.
```
